Initial PR template (#613)
nsidc/earthaccess: docs/contributing/index.md

intend to eventually upstream.  Since `python-cmr` exposes the `cmr` package,
the stubs appear under `stubs/cmr`.

## Pull Request process

Fork the repository using the "Fork" button on the [repository

> homepage](https://github.com/nsidc/earthaccess), make your change on the fork, then open
> a pull request from your fork and follow the instructions populated in the text box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
homepage](https://github.com/nsidc/earthaccess), create a branch with your changes in the fork, then open
a draft pull request from your fork. Starting a pull request provides additional instructions and requirements, and
there is no harm in starting a draft pull request while still developing.
```
